yes with an official physics a fish
car goes up to 150 miles an hour the 128
goes up to 130
because the 150 electronically limited
if you go fast
hey the German cars are not limited
I'm gonna try it with the
is it crowded leg room or were you or
leg room yeah he like link was yeah of
length
so then the 60 is right
getting onto the Autobahn
135 with a 135 Turbo 20 roll but it
ain't love
I literally in Germany dance on miles an
hour enough
like five seconds man for six-second
whatever the hell that was
holy
tell is fast to 100 miles an hour just
like that developed in my car like
forever definitely like when you have
trucks Anthony yeah
holy crap
it was fast
Oh check this out as an option where
would you change lanes yeah turns off
automatically like in 33 seconds or
something
that you press this and all turn
that's in my ford focus turn off like
that yeah uh-huh oh but only if you see
no halfway or you just tap on it oh I
didn't know yeah I does that
space is babies how you should be
driving on the German article yes if be
a sunroof
well actually small cars in normal sent
me
scary that you can go like there's no
speed limit here
at all
pony mouth bro are you going
shine
seconds
do you can't even go 60 miles an hour in
this car like put you
that's why the guy was yeah like a day
later guide said Mike you might have you
said so we're gonna eat LOL 'master day
is gonna touch it
it's like this is 80
it feels like you're cruising yeah he is
pretty here
Oh 84 my ford focus is placed haha yeah
like he's like working it man
especially up by Felix yeah
okay there's a next time
122 to feel you can look out
that's how this is a school that's what
air conditioning on to